docs/features.md, before:

## Card Restore

If active, FlipperMCE will always boot to the last used card.

## Game ID

Many loaders implement a special protocol, that allows the cube to transmit the Game ID of the currently started game to an *MCE*.

FlipperMCE supports this protocol (see *doc/mcp*) and will load or create a card for each trasmitted Game ID if configured so.

As a bonus, it will select the correct default card encoding for the game.

## Mulitple CardSizes

*FlipperMCE* support Card Sizes from 4 - 64 MBits.

Since the naming scheme for cards is confusing, please see following explanation:

| MBit    | Blocks    | Size (MB) |
|---------|-----------|-----------|
| 4       | 59        | 0.5       |
| 8       | 123       | 1         |
| 16      | 251       | 2         |
| 32      | 507       | 4         |
| 64      | 1019      | 8         |

## Game2Folder mapping

There are some games, that share save data for multiple game ids. For these cases, a custom game to folder mapping can be created.

If a game with a mapped id is loaded, instead of using the game id based folder, the mapped folder is used for storing the card.

The mapping needs to be defined in ```.flippermce/Game2Folder.ini``` in the following way:

```ini
[GC]
GT4P=FolderName
```

*Note: Make sure there is an empty line at the end of the ini file.*


## Settings File

*FlipperMCE* generates a settings file (`.flippermce/settings.ini`) that allows you to edit some settings through your computer. This is useful when using one SD card with multiple *FlipperMCE* devices.

A settings file has the following format:

```ini
[General]
FlippedScreen=OFF
[GC]
CardRestore=ON
GameID=ON
CardSize=64
```

Possible values are:

| Setting       | Values                      | Description                  |
|---------------|-----------------------------|------------------------------|
| CardRestore   | `OFF`, `ON`                 | Restore last card at boot    |
| GameID        | `OFF`, `ON`                 | Use Game ID if transmitted   |
| CardSize      | `4`, `8`, `16`, `32`, `64`  | Default CardSize in MBit     |
| FlippedScreen | `ON`, `OFF`                 | Flip the screen horizontally |

*Note: Make sure there is an empty line at the end of the ini file.*

## Per Card Configs

There are some configuration values that can be modified on a per card base within a config file named  `CardX.ini` in a card folder, where `X` is the card index.

*Note: Make sure there is an empty line at the end of the ini file.*

```ini
[ChannelName]
1=Channel 1 Name
2=Channel 2 Name
3=Channel 3 Name
4=Channel 4 Name
5=Channel 5 Name
6=Channel 6 Name
7=Channel 7 Name
8=Channel 8 Name
[Settings]
MaxChannels=8
CardSize=4
```

Commit message:

Improve clarity and consistency in features.md; correct grammar and formatting issues

docs/features.md, after:

## FlipperMCE Features

This document describes the main features and configuration options available for FlipperMCE. It covers card restore, Game ID support, multiple card sizes, folder mapping, and configuration files.

## Card Restore

If active, FlipperMCE will always boot to the last used card.

## Game ID

Many loaders implement a special protocol that allows the GameCube to transmit the Game ID of the currently started game to an MCE (Memory Card Emulator).

FlipperMCE supports this protocol (see the documentation in `doc/mcp`) and will load or create a card for each transmitted Game ID if configured to do so.

As a bonus, it will select the correct default card encoding for the game.


## Multiple Card Sizes

FlipperMCE supports card sizes from 4 to 64 MBit.

Since the naming scheme for cards can be confusing, please see the following explanation:

| MBit    | Blocks    | Size (MB) |
|---------|-----------|-----------|
| 4       | 59        | 0.5       |
| 8       | 123       | 1         |
| 16      | 251       | 2         |
| 32      | 507       | 4         |
| 64      | 1019      | 8         |


## Game2Folder Mapping

Some games share save data for multiple Game IDs. For these cases, a custom game-to-folder mapping can be created.

If a game with a mapped ID is loaded, instead of using the Game ID-based folder, the mapped folder is used for storing the card.

The mapping needs to be defined in `.flippermce/Game2Folder.ini` in the following way:

```ini
[GC]
GT4P=FolderName
```


*Note: Make sure there is an empty line at the end of the ini file.*



## Settings File

FlipperMCE generates a settings file (`.flippermce/settings.ini`) that allows you to edit some settings through your computer. This is useful when using one SD card with multiple FlipperMCE devices.

A settings file has the following format:

```ini
[General]
FlippedScreen=OFF
[GC]
CardRestore=ON
GameID=ON
CardSize=64
```


Possible values are:

| Setting         | Values                      | Description                       |
|-----------------|-----------------------------|-----------------------------------|
| CardRestore     | `OFF`, `ON`                 | Restore last card at boot         |
| GameID          | `OFF`, `ON`                 | Use Game ID if transmitted        |
| CardSize        | `4`, `8`, `16`, `32`, `64`  | Default card size in MBit         |
| FlippedScreen   | `ON`, `OFF`                 | Flip the screen horizontally      |

*Note: Make sure there is an empty line at the end of the ini file.*


## Per-Card Configs

Some configuration values can be modified on a per-card basis within a config file named `CardX.ini` in a card folder, where `X` is the card index (e.g., 1, 2, etc.).

*Note: Make sure there is an empty line at the end of the ini file.*

```ini
[ChannelName]
1=Channel 1 Name
2=Channel 2 Name
3=Channel 3 Name
4=Channel 4 Name
5=Channel 5 Name
6=Channel 6 Name
7=Channel 7 Name
8=Channel 8 Name
[Settings]
MaxChannels=8  # Maximum number of channels for this card
CardSize=4     # Card size in MBit for this card
```
